hey everybody welcome you t87 what's up
um I just want to come in to give you
guys some updates on my natural ICD
whatever but anyway um so I did my hair
um in the pixie micro British things you
guys are saw and that took me a while
and didn't look that good so I started
thinking about different other
hairstyles I could do and different
tutorials I was watching on YouTube um I
got this one from black onyx and black
majestic I think her name if I calculate
it that's my right
um day which is very informative and a
really good instruction um so I was like
whatever they can do that kinky quick I
can't do so I did aim here there hey
Sasha
got kinky um pay no mind to the eyebrows
because the eyebrows are regrowing so
they can be reshaped and all that good
stuff um one thing I can say about the
kinky twist is I do not like square
parts I just feel like they're too
uniform so the parts are just little
diamonds and half moons and everything
else but um I know a lot of people were
saying they used um luster tinkling
strides that I do like that moisturizer
but I broke so I'm gonna here's what I
have and um I like this a little bit
better so for my cream I use some
Pantene Pantene pro-v natural and
relaxed hair wasn't relaxing natural
hair but let me call it a daily oiler
cream moisturizer um okay so that's what
I use um I love it because I use it on
the regular anyway um so it has a same
kind of creamy substance a little bit
more oil thing on Lester seems
moisturizer but I like it so that's
automatics whatever um what else uh I
know that people said you should get
like um beeswax or some type of
surely something the whole the frizzies
away but telling me just don't go
together oh so I did not want to use
jail so um did use was again the Pantene
pro-v
y'all should get that if you don't have
it and I'll still use 20 makeup on me
the toe um it says maximum herbal grow
um conditions rejuvenate and strengthens
and shine um it's my straight narrow
um but yeah it's really good y'all so
check it out um what else
see ya on the par 5 flips a might not be
all that crazy I'm so excited
y'all look so excited I'll be I don't
mind the eyebrows cuz we are going to
reshape them and yeah I got a reshape
them so I'm not doing them so next up
the videos you will not feed don't
eyebrows um but yeah so Big Ups black
onyx the only thing I got a question for
you is I don't understand how you got
them so long like I wanted miles long
but um this is what I used over the hair
the hair dryer use was marley hair um I
think a lot of you guys are talking
about using this particular hair it is
this one got a nice little girl in the
back of it showing you different styles
you can use that's the top of my hair I
used um 1b 30 which you can see here it
kind of has like matches my highlights
or actually my permanent dyes I had in
the front and in the back I actually use
um just be one so that's it so but
that's it the products I use again
things I can check it out it works
lovely and excellent for me our Pantene
pro-v um relaxing natural for women of
color
and junk I mean and hell um which is
really good I think I should check it
out um if you haven't already so it's
really good a more shot in my hair
look I've been pretty good for a couple
of days but yeah I just want to check in
with you guys unless you know how to do
it so thank you for watching and please
subscribe
um if you have any advice please let me
know and they come by